DOCSP-49150: bulkWrite docs + api (#250)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/class/MongoDBClientBulkWrite.txt

==============================
MongoDB\\ClientBulkWrite Class
==============================

.. versionadded:: 2.1

Definition
----------

.. phpclass:: MongoDB\ClientBulkWrite

>    This class allows you to assemble a bulk write command to pass to

Reviewer: I learned that "allows" should be reserved to "permission", and words like "enable" should be used. But I might be wrong.

Author: We use both in many contexts, but I agree enables makes more sense here!

==============================
MongoDB\\ClientBulkWrite Class
==============================

.. versionadded:: 2.1

Definition
----------

.. phpclass:: MongoDB\ClientBulkWrite

>    This class enables you to assemble a bulk write command to pass to
>    :phpmethod:`MongoDB\Client::bulkWrite()` to perform write operations
>    across multiple namespaces.

Reviewer: Too many successive "to".

```suggestion
   This class enables you to assemble a bulk write command that will be passed
   to :phpmethod:`MongoDB\Client::bulkWrite()` to perform write operations
   across multiple namespaces.
```

Author: reworded

>    This class is a builder to instantiate a :php:`BulkWriteCommand

Reviewer: Repetition of "instance".

```suggestion
   This class is a builder to create a :php:`BulkWriteCommand
```

   <mongodb-driver-bulkwritecommand>` instance that the library sends to the
   server.

>    Specify the ``writeConcern`` option as a top-level option to

Author: This is already on the `Client::bulkWrite()` api doc listed in the options table. Do you mean that you can also pass session to `createWithCollection()`?

>    Specify the ``writeConcern`` option as a top-level option to

Reviewer: In fact, I don't quite understand why this sentence has been added here. It refers to an option that can be set elsewhere. Why `writeConcern` and not `session`?

>    Specify the ``writeConcern`` option as a top-level option to

Author: It was part of the copy on the Collection::bulkWrite page. I can remove it!
